caps and me are gonna go to Korea
together practice there for two-three
like two weeks
I think well the group stage of MSI is
all wrapped up I'm joined right now by
ssoas with coverage presented by all of
you
to talk a little bit about fanatics run
so far in their qualification of the
playoffs so as what do you think of
fanatics run and what was this day like
for you cuz it I was just talking to
Brock said a little bit of a
rollercoaster I think for everybody
involved for me all means for the team
in general for you I mean for me it's
ready whatever you know like I'm not
playing so it's like I'm happy because
the my teammates one you know but else
like couldn't care less you know well I
mean I assume I assume you watching at
least you want them to win and so
whenever you realize there's a chance
they might not make it to playoffs or
whatever that might affect you or maybe
maybe you not being on stage you have to
kind of like distance yourself from it
well I think I have to distance myself
because it's it's important for my
personal well-being and also regarding
like situation is happening you know and
eventually like me being sub and then
people arguing also just as bleep all
these kind of things it's all the things
that I didn't necessarily want like ever
since we had a serve and stuff like this
and it's not a situation that I I wanted
to be in myself
at all since the beginning so I just the
situation of all for me is really
but yeah how are you holding up because
I know without getting too far into it
like obviously it seems like this is
affecting you pretty hard so how are you
kind of holding up over the course of
this event
I hire two to msai I think it was all
things were fine like just just normal
you know since since the doctor told me
that I could start playing playing again
and stuff like this I I told my team and
I start getting like some games of
practice but I didn't get much at all
like Pauly play like 20% of screams only
and we were credit like 80 so it just
like sort of taking out there was
nothing I'll really be playing MSI
anyways and yeah have you had a chance
to are you are you able to assist at all
during the days like at least give
thoughts on pick and ban or anything
like that or you just sort of like I
just don't want to be dealing with this
so before I would do that a lot and I
will help a lot coaching staff and give
them give them input about like anything
you know regarding the game what the
team should focus on what they should
improve on in and outside the game in
team meetings I will give them feedback
about yeah they should maybe discuss
more about these all these kind of
things but right now like ever since
this situation happened to me I'm just
laying back and I just let people do
whatever they want because I don't think
I should be involved
well will you I assume you'll be
traveling with the team to Paris in a
couple days yeah so I'm getting surgery
two more morning because I was like a
splinter so I have to get it removed and
I mean I say on three Hudson it doesn't
really affect anything so it just like
the anesthesia is gonna affect more so
just for like 24 hours I cannot really
do much you know just because I would be
like dizzy you know and this kind of
stuff but yeah it's that's pretty much
it
so will you you'll be able to travel
maybe on most of I think Evan is
traveling like sometimes during the day
and I would probably travel at night
something like this here
well look I don't want to hold you too
long but I know that there are probably
a lot of fanatic fans out there a lot of
so as fans out there that are just kind
of worried about you or or curious about
how things are going I don't know if
there's anything that you would say to
to any of them or the people that are
cheering for you and looking forward to
seeing you return to play in the future
well after I might say I'm planning on
going to Korea so like before I got I
got my injury I was planning on going to
Korea with reckless as to just playing
solo q but I got my injury so I couldn't
go so I'm playing on going after MSI
I think caps wants to go as well so we
are holding caps and me are gonna go to
Korea together practice there for
two-three like two weeks I think yeah it
depends like yeah I guess since we go to
Paris like we can only go for like about
two weeks so we're gonna go for two
weeks and practice and and hopefully you
know everything everything goes well and
hopefully I can get some games in summer
yeah well so thank you so much for the
interview really appreciate it and for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things eSports
right here and when you see Channel I
see you there
you haven't you haven't subscribed to my
channel maybe you don't subscribe to any
YouTube channels you're not used to that
functionality maybe you just haven't
gotten around to it because you find my
videos on reddit and you're watching
this embedded on the reddit website so
you don't have to click through just do
me a favor just you don't have to
support you don't have to do anything
you know how to get hit up the patreon
just click through hit that red button
that says subscribe it's so helpful to
me it'll it'll just make me feel so much
like it was worth it you know I think
you got all the way to the end of this
video I know you did you're watching
this I'm aware yeah I see you sitting
there just subscribe